Introspective Thought Building (ITB)
Select a puzzle-solving context.
    Cycle specification. 
    Specify a simple action-perception cycle. Eg, for a cryptoquip
        puzzle (see notebook document for figures)
        a. Select puzzle, evaluate clue. This initializes the state
            of the puzzle, and the state of a translation table.
        b. Select a simple action that will change the translation
            table. For instance, "Let's try A = c" will cause
            all As in the puzzle to be translated into c.
        c. Propagate the selected action to the puzzle. This changes
            the state of the puzzle.
        d. Evaluate the change. If satisfied, repeat the cycle.
            If not, undo the change and then repeat.
        e. Continue until all the letters in the puzzle have been 
            translated.
    3. Analyze the specified cycle in terms of the LIDA Model. 
        For instance, in the above cryptoquip example,
        The puzzle itself is written on a piece of paper in an environment. 
        The environment also contains more paper, something to write 
        with, and written versions of the translation table and
        the current state of the puzzle. For now, we will refer to all
        of this simply as "the puzzle," but later, we can use 
        "the puzzle environment" to disambiguate when necessary.

        The current situational model contains a representation of 
        each of these constituents of the puzzle.  

        During each cycle, an agent senses the puzzle, cogitates, 
        and selects an action that changes the state of the puzzle.
        This fulfills the LIDA requirements: 1) The question "What
        do I do next?" is answered and an action is selected;
        2) This action affects what the agent will sense during
        the next cycle; 3) its agenda is to solve the puzzle.

    4.  Apply a "think aloud" procedure to generate hypotheses
        about how these steps could be accomplished computationally.
        There are two types of hypotheses:
        a. Psychological -- these try to answer the question of
            how a chosen biological model (eg human mind) accomplishes
            these steps in the cycle;
        b. Technological -- these try to solve the question of 
            finding the best, or at least a workable way to
            accomplish the steps according to certain design
            constraints.
        This distinction is important, because ITB can be used to
        flesh out the LIDA Model, and also to design specific agents.
        MAX will work along both of these lines, but at times it will 
        work on both at the same time, and other times it will work 
        on one and not the other.



